ex21b.1
        Handling small numerals: Sometimes a small numeral (such as
        "two") is represented in the KB by multiple different but
        equivalent entities. The way I solve it now is to take the
        numeral and the following noun and align them all to all the
        type declarations for the multiplied entities and also to a
        coordination construction which lets me create a new entity that
        will represent their aggregation.

ex21a.4
        Encountered a seemingly out-of-place instance-type triple.

ex20.9
        Shows a lot of genitive and prepositional constructions that
        are generated by has-part relations. Currently, I am aligning
        the prepositions in isolation. Another approach would be to
        bundle them with the phrases they modify.

ex20.9-1
        Another loose triple and also a (redundant) "subclasses"
        triple. It might be dangerous to align these to our trees
        since then GenI will not be able to generate the phrase
        without seeing the (probably optional) "subclasses" relation.

ex20.25
        "(A) of (C)" aligned to triples (C has-part B) and (B has-part
        A)

ex20.18
        Another redundant "subclasses" relation. I left it out of the
        alignment.

ex19.398
        Remarkable specimen. Beware of the twice duplicated entity
        variable (removed from the data now).

ex19.2
        Small thing first: "is short" could have been split into "is"
        and "short" for greater generality, even though we align "is"
        to *has-length*. Might fix that later.
        Bigger thing now: Had to do a little rewriting (added one
        word). This sentence includes an interestingly parameterised
        appositive relative clause.

ex18a.169
        Two interesting things. The way "hollow" modifies "a ...
        stomach" (we have no segment which corresponds to the bare N
        which is modified by the Adj). The other is the extraneous
        (inferred?) triple about the base of the secretion.

ex17.48
        The Big One! OK, so thing number one, I removed the *subevent*
        coordination (this means we won't be able to generate the
        sentence later, but it was quite impossible to capture (maybe
        the extracted "During" could expect both an event and its
        consequence to follow?)).
        Another thing is the alignment of "conversion of X into Y". It
        really seems appropriate to align "coversion of ... into ..."
        with its relevant triples together, but I kept to my rule and
        broke them into "conversion", "of ..." and "into ...". Also,
        there are redundant *subclasses* triples, ignored.

ex14.3103
        POI: We have a 's construction (genitive). To handle it
        generically, we would have to tokenize this specially.
        Therefore, I have kept "cow's" as one token.
        Also, we have "X ... enables the abrasion of Y" and X is
        marked as the object of abrasion. This is maybe something
        which will be hard to match in the syntax, so it might be a
        good idea to drop that triple from the alignment.

ex13.32
        An incorrectly identified pair of triples was turned into a
        coordination using the aggregator. Manually fixed.
        A (comma-separated) coordination of two adjectives. For now, I
        have assigned the comma to the latter adjective.

ex12.65
        "Which binds" modifies "ligand", but semantically it's object
        is "morphine". Also, is it a good idea to align the relative
        pronoun along with the verb like this?

ex12.57
        Same as above, both the "barrier" and "membrane" are semantic
        arguments to the Block.

ex12.25
        Same as above.

ex05a.88
        Another 's construction here. Didn't align the first triple to
        segment 1 to yield a more satisfiable set of triples.

ex05a3.81
        A coordination of adjectives. I aligned the whole lot
        together.

ex05a2.283
        "There are X inside the Y region of Z"
        Aligned "There are ... inside" to the relation that X is
        inside Y. Original triples also have an extra triple that X is
        inside Z. Omitted from alignment.

ex05a2.268
        The same as above.

ex05a2.265
        Same as above, plus I realized I may have treated the "has a
        xxx shape" phrases better by factoring out the "xxx" and
        aligning it with only the value.

ex05a2.263
        Same thing as the ex05a2.*. Had to undo false automatic
        aggregation. Also wasn't sure how to align type declarations
        of the shape entities "in has a xxx shape" phrases. So far, I
        align the Shape-Value entity type declarations to "has a
        ... shape" and the shape value triple to "xxx".

ex05a2.207
        Possibly an extra Root-Type triple for the tracheids.

ex04.29
        Might be difficult to align the semantic links of the second
        triple to the syntactic links of the last word.

ex03d.29
        Left another transitively deducible triple unaligned.

ex03c.99-1
        Same thing.

ex03c.99-1a
ex03c.98-1
        Same.

I stopped reporting the transitive (inferred) triples that are not
explicitly manifested as grammatical relations.

ex03c.84
        Redundant variable in the triples.

ex03c.41
        (|Animal-Plasma-Membrane80249| |instance-of| |Chemical-Entity|)

ex03c.29
        Plural represented as a coordination of two entities.

ex03c.185
        Another case of VP coordination. One idea would be to change
        "and uses up" to "using up".

ex03c.173
        Note to self: grep for "[<number> ," and "[<number> and".


